<<<<<<< HEAD
I 27F am vehemently childfree, I am sterilized and have no intention of having or caring for any child. I married my husband, 33M, last year and did not know he had any children until 5 days ago. I travel for work, work for myself, and have amazing pay for very few active working hours (I am a honeymoon planner, owning my own business); we have a joint account for bills and our own separate accounts for savings and fun money.

My husband sat me down 5 days ago and told me he hadn't been completely honest with me. And revealed he has 2 children 10M and 7F. He pays regular child support, however, it dips into his fun money and he wants to be able to have fun like I am, so he said he would fight for 50/50 custody.

I was furious he had lied to me and was even more angry when he told me he wanted 50/50. He works 12-16 hour shifts as a nurse and that would mean I would have to take care of the children when I'm not working or are working from home. I told him if he fights for custody, I will leave him. We have a prenup, so a divorce will be rather simple; I get 100% of my business, all of my savings and fun money, and the house, as I inherited it from my grandmother.

He called me an asshole and told me I should step up so that he can have more money in his savings and for fun. And because the kids won't be much hassle due to their ages. So AITA for telling him I will divorce him if he goes through with filing for custody?
=======
I (20M) find out my ex best friend Nick (21M) watches CP. I found out while using his phone that he had nude pictures of his younger sister's best friend after she got out of a shower when she slept over at their house. I obviously told the police what he had and they went over, and sure enough, found it in his phone and omputer. He was charged with possession of CP which is a federal offense, he's going to be facing 30 yrs in prison. But the sad part is what his family is going through, we live in a small Maryland town, so to be expected, news travels fast and soon, his family was being shunned from everything. His dad was fired from his job as a manager of AutoZone, his mom had to quit her job of being an elementary school teacher and I also found out that his sister was being bullied relentlessly in school because of it. I'm starting to feel bad that I just ruined a family, but at the same time, I felt like I did the right thing.

Update: Nick's arrainment was today. Instead of pleading guilty, he decided to plead not guilty by reason of insanity, even though there's literal evidence from the prosecution that proves him wrong, and plus I've known him since we were 7 and he did not once, show any signs of mental disorder. However, fortunately, the judge requested that he doesn't get bail, which means he's staying in prison until his trial date which is in a month, and since he was charged with a federal offense, it will be going to the state's district court. As for his family, I heard that the sister is now being homeschooled by the mom due to the bullying she's faced in school lately. The parents still adamantly believe that their precious son couldn't do no harm.


>>>>>>> 7400e5382c55a00d047ab0a1f4259795c44da7ed
